---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

What did you do this past week?

This week I joined a group for the upcoming group project. We have had a few meeting so far and we are close to settling on an idea. We have been researching API's for our ideas so we can choose an idea with sufficient data sources. 

What's in your way?

There are a few things on our way right now. We have had trouble getting everyone together all at once but I am confident that we will make progress this week. Web dev is pretty new to me but with the provided resources I am sure I can pick it up fast. 

What will you do next week?

Next week we have a lot of work todo on the IMDB1 project. We need to get our idea approved and begin work. We have plans to meet to begin working. I will also be meeting with my group from my iOS class to work on the proposal for our semester Project. It is going to be tough to balance two project classes but Im sure that it will work out. 

What's my experience of the class?

So far the class has been great. I enjoyed the Collatz project and I was used to the process because I took OOP with Professor Downing in a previous semester. I am a little worried that I might not know enough web dev. I think that a few of my group members are at the same level so hopefully we can all grow at the same time to complete the projects. 

What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is to read about SpaceX’s recent Falcon Heavy launch. I have been amazed  by the progress that SpaceX has made in the past few years. I hope that these successes spark an increased interest in space. Seeing the booster rockets land feels like a glimpse into the future. 

https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/nation-now/2018/02/06/spacex-falcon-heavy-launch/310431002/
