---
layout: post
title: CS373 Spring 2018:Matthew Curtis
---
Week 6: 19 Feb - 25 Feb

### What did you do this past week?

This past week was slow. We met to correct some mistakes in our phase 1 and we began going over the instructions for phase 2 of the project. I have been studying for my upcoming exams and I continued working on my iOS semester project. 

### What's in your way?

The main thing in my way is the test this week. I hope we can balance the working on the project and studying for the test. We need to start planning what needs to be done so we can complete the required features on time.

### What will you do next week?

Next week our team will meet to both study for the test and work on the project. We have done a little planning but there is much to be done still. We will create a data base using PostgreSQL. We need to extend the carousel so that it is full screen, I have used Mocha as a react testing framework before. I am sure that my past experence will come in hany

### What's my experience of the class?

We will be having the first test this week so I will get a sense of how I am doing so far in the class. After the test is graded I will have a much better picture of what the class is like. The second phase of the project looks like it will require more work than the first part so I am intrested in how I will feel about the class after the second phase is complete.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip this week is to see the new Marvel movie, Black Panther. I'm sure most people already know about the movie but I can't think of anything better to do with a free afternoon this week.

[black panther twitter](https://twitter.com/theblackpanther?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)
