---
layout: post
title: CS373 Spring 2018:Matthew Curtis
---
Week 7: 26 Feb - 4 March

### What did you do this past week?

Last week I spent most of my time studying for the test so we didn't spend too much time on the project. In adition to the test for Software Engeneering, I had a German test on the same day last week, thurday, so I hardly had time to work on much else. I also had to finish the design proposal for my iOS project. We have made some progress but it hasn't been reflected on the live version of the website yet.

### What's in your way?

This week is going to be alot of work. I am worried that the number of times we have to meet before the due date is limited. With spring break coming up I don't think that we have as much time together as a group as we need to get the project finished. As a group we need to make sure that tasks and responsibilities are well defined so we are all on the same page while working remotly. 

### What will you do next week?

Next week my team will focus on the project. We have already done some planning but we need to make sure that we get the main sections of the project mapped out so we can work on it in small groups or independently over spring break. We will work on the PostgreSQL data base then once that is stable we will work to connect it to the frontend. I will continue to work on the user stories and tasks so that we can have a unified vision for the project. 

### What's my experience of the class?

My class experence so far has been pretty positive. Sometimes in class I have been a little lost but doing the HR tests in class has really helped me understand the material. The guided hands on leaning seems to be effective for me. I would recomend that anyone taking this class should go to every class because I have found that catching up on missed material is tough. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

This week's tips is to watch Dark on Netflix. I watched the show a few weeks ago and I really enjoyed it. It seems to build off of the success of Stranger Things. With elements like 80's nostalgia, missing kids, and creepy forests it is sure to entertain. I found the complex plot well worth a second watch through.  

[Dark on IMDB](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/tv/dark/s01/)
