---
layout: post
title: CS373 Spring 2018:Matthew Curtis
---
Week 9: 19 Mar - 25 Mar

### What did you do this past week?

This week my group and I worked long and hard on the project. We meet for hours every day to make sure that we got it done. I was a little worried that we wouldn't be able to finish before the deadline but we ended up making it with just a few minutes to spare. I also had to turn in the Alpha version of my iOS project. Having two projects due in the same week was tough because I had to decide which to dedicate my time to.  

### What's in your way?

There isn't much in our way next week. We are going to start working on the next phase of the project. There are a few things that we need to fix from the 2nd phase. We just need to make a few things look better (alignment, color, fonts...).

### What will you do next week?

Next week we are going to start the next phase. We are starting early so we don't leave everything to the last minute and have to submit an unfinished version of phase 3.

### What's my experience of the class?

I have learned so much working on this project. Honestly I haven't learned this many different things in a class before. Unfortunately having to learn so many different things has made this class tough and time consuming. However I really think that learning all this stuff will be really helpful when i graduate.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip this week is a pretty well known one but I think that recent events make it relevant. Everyone should use an ad blocker on their computer. There are a bunch of options and using one will protect you from crypto miners, malware, and having to see ads while you surf the web. 

I use [uBlock Origin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm?hl=en-US) but you should do research to see what blocker is best for you.
If you wanted to take ad blocking to the next level you could create a [Pi-Hole](https://pi-hole.net/).
