---
layout: post
title: CS373 Spring 2018:Matthew Curtis
---
Week 8: 5 Mar - 11 Mar

### What did you do this past week?

This week we worked on the basics of this phase of the project. We worked to find API's that had the requited information. We have been reviewing the basics of Postgres so we can be prepared to create the database next week. I also have been working on my iOS project which has been taking up a lot of my time. 

### What's in your way?

Next week is spring break so we won't be able to meet. I think this will impact our productivity but I still think that we will be able to finish the project on time. I hope that we will be able to coordinate a few times to meet over the break. If we don’t, that will difficulty make progress slow. 

### What will you do next week?

Next week we will all be separate on spring break so we will have to work remotely. We have set up a communication channel on Discord so we can voice and video chat. Our goals for next week are to have our database set up on Postgres, to have our API's documented and set up, and to fix our About page.. 

### What's my experience of the class?

The second part of the project has been large but I feel that we will have enough time to complete it. I am learning valuable skills that I know will translate once I enter the Industry. I really enjoy filling out the user stories and planning out the app features before working on them. This has made the coding process much easier because we don't have to fix mistakes due to lack of foresight. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip this week is to play Mario Strikers. I recently started playing it and I can say for sure that it is one of the most fun multiplayer games I have played. I was playing it on an emulator so I'm not sure what system the game is for. I'm sure that the game can be found cheaply on-line or at GameStop. 
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Mario_Strikers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Mario_Strikers)
